just a couple of years ago a keyboard
like this would have cost you over $200
wè sponsored this video so I can show
you the
sk75 a beautiful mechanical keyboard
that costs a whole lot less than that
about $110 in fact you like that yeah
it's a 75% mechanical keyboard hot swap
PCB what else we got in this box we got
a w box with probably a cable it is
Wireless it's got a 4,000 amp hour
battery and three different modes like
all the good ones do but I am a cabled
man myself I don't like the cable very
much but you know what it's perfectly
fine maybe that's how they're cutting
the cost a little bit it's got a fite
bead here and it's pretty long I'll give
him that oh yeah 6ot
cable H I'm not 6 foot so typical USB a
to c what else we got we got a bunch of
bags here we got three extra switches I
think these are their mint blizzard
switch should be a nice Palm linear ooh
that's nice we got three of these we got
three extra key caps uh the only problem
that I have right now is these don't fit
the color scheme at all so I'm not going
to use them just green red yellow
command command opt so if you want to
use Mac go ahead and swap these out so
you don't get confused when you're
trying to find the right Keys later
we've also got a nice key cap and switch
puller this is always my favorite one
for people to to include because just
these little wires here are so good for
getting key caps off really easy and
then uh this is just a great little
switch puller I don't know I personally
just really strongly prefer this this
type so thank you very much for
including it and then we've got ooh okay
three other key
caps these ones actually do match the
rest of our keyboard it's a nice kind of
like soft baby blue love to see it looks
like they're double shot PBT as well
look at that it matches our new macad
dress Oxford shirt perfectly this nice
pastel blue with this keyboard oh my God
okay on more serious not let's look at
the keyboard itself the only thing left
in the Box it's heavy and not just
because it's an all aluminum chassis but
also because it's got a nice little cool
weight on the bottom does it do anything
no will you see it most of the time no
but damn it does it look cool when you
look at the bottom of the board uh one
really cool feature about the SK 75 is
that not only can you get this back
weight in a number of styles but you can
also get these cool accent frames in
different styles so check this out they
actually sent us one you could swap it
out to something white with this like
granity rock kind of texture I'm not
sure what that one's called but it's
shiny and looks pretty
imagine the possibilities they're
endless well they're not endless but
they have a lot of different
combinations that you can check out and
choose from because this keyboard comes
in a variety of colors as well uh so you
can really kind of choose whatever you
want that suits your own style or your
desk setup or whatever you're looking
for uh while we're looking at the back
we can see that it's got four little
rubber feet here works well enough I
like the little nubb and feet but uh if
you want to keep it nice and flesh with
the desk these work a little better than
the Nubs one thing I've kind of noticed
now that I'm looking at it is that I
don't actually see any kind of switch
anywhere to turn it on and off or toggle
between the different Wireless modes um
and that's because it's just got this
USBC plug at the top here if you want to
turn it on you got to take off the caps
lock key ah and then here it is you got
this nice little toggle switch oop turn
it on this is an aesthetic choice and I
personally really like it because I'm
the kind of person who doesn't ever use
the different Wireless modes that are
available I tend to stay wired and if I
am using one it's typically just 2.4 GHz
cuz there's less latency involved so if
you're the kind of person who's who's
like actively switching all the time
because you got it hooked up to
different devices or you're traveling a
lot with it I don't think you should
travel with this thing cuz it's pretty
heavy but you do you um it could be kind
of annoying is it hard to take a single
key cap off and then flick this switch
no it's really not you know that takes
all of a couple seconds but it's not
always especially with these uh oh
really nice edges uh it's actually
really hard to take this off with your
fingers so you you've got to keep the
keycap puller handy and I don't think
everyone's going to do that you do you
it's your choice I personally really
like it and I think it looks great I
think it's a fantastic way to hide
certain things that kind of look a
little less desirable but definitely
something to think about and consider
when you're making this purchase one
thing that I didn't catch cuz it was
jammed all the way in the back of the
box there is it does in fact come with a
dongle so don't worry if you do want to
use 2.4 GHz you're set otherwise for
Bluetooth connectivity it should work
just fine you just you know turn it on
hit function tab that's probably
Bluetooth blinking blue such a sucker
for heavy
keyboards you're a sucker I am a sucker
all right ooh
1.8 kilos baby 4.1 lb incredible 65.8 o
love weighing everything in ounces it's
a little hard to see the internals
without taking it apart but you can see
here we've got this nice clear white
plastic it's a flex cut polypropylene
plate and this whole thing's gasket
mounted with a ton of foam layers in
between everything and I've got to
say sounds pretty good I'd like it to be
a little bit more marble and creamy and
deep but you can probably achieve that
by modding it just a little bit honestly
for
a like zero rattle in the stabilizers uh
one of the nice things that I really
like about 75% boards that you don't
really get with a 65% board is the F row
um I know that you can just hit function
five and it's the same as F5 I know that
you can hit function alt four and it's
the same as hitting alt f4 but there's
just something a bit more satisfying but
only using two fingers rather than three
and not needing this whole extra hand in
there I mean I guess you can really like
I can still technically hit alt f4 with
one hand but uh it's a little
uncomfortable so yeah personally I
prefer a 75% over 65% the typing angle
seems totally fine once again I'm going
to complain a little bit that we don't
have adjustable feet but I get it
especially when it comes to full
aluminum chassis uh it's not something
people seem to really care about except
for me so I'll just go home and cry at
the end of the day when I don't get them
um but otherwise this thing is pretty
solid for being 110 bucks the switches
feel good they're just linear ah the
typing experience really is just solid
right out of the box I would like to put
a bit of space bar foam in here just to
make it a bit deeper to match the rest
of the keys a little bit but uh it's not
too far off so it's not too bad it's got
a pretty nice PCB in here Flex cut fr4
hot swap south facing RGB LEDs pretty
much everything you want I'm not crazy
about Flex cut cuz I like a really like
con super consistent typing style even
if it's a little firmer even the
actually the gaskets don't
feel this is kind of firm out of the box
I actually kind of like this as for
Branding and stuff you don't really get
a lot it's just a little womier symbol
here in the bottom right nicely embossed
into the rest of the aluminum yeah
there's no screws like anywhere so it's
probably one of those ones where you
have to take all the key caps off here
let me just
investigate do a little bit of
Investigation here yep so we've got one
screw here um it's kind of okay you you
know people are devisive about this too
but uh I prefer when it's all just the
same little tiny Phillips head I know
that uh Allen keys are really good um
but if you don't have a tiny Allen key
set then it might be hard for you to
take this thing apart that's one thing I
noticed they did not include with
everything so if you do want to fully
disassemble it do whatever you want to
it you're not going to be able to do
that without picking up an allen key but
yeah it's pretty simple there's probably
just like one here one here couple here
just around the board probably like six
or eight screws that you have to take
off to then take the whole thing apart
take all the keys off take the switches
off all that so we're not going to do
that though cuz uh I think it types
pretty good out of the box I'm just
going to connect it to a
computer and try to type on
it one thing I do appreciate is that the
white really does match the key caps I
would love it if it was blue but here we
are uh another really nice thing to note
is that this does not have any
proprietary software it's all via
controlled so if you do want to do any
sort of customization ooh that RGB is
really good I don't know if it's just
the strength of the uh LEDs that they've
got on the PCB or if it's just how clear
the cases are on the switches but man
that that is a bright keyboard I don't
know how much it's showing up on camera
but it's really good in person here it
is with the lights off looks pretty good
you're definitely not going to miss
anything in the dark one thing about the
RGB and the key caps is that they're not
shine through they're double shot PBT
like I mentioned before so if you want
to like actually see the the light shine
through the key caps to form the letters
uh you're not going to get that here
you're going to have to buy some extra
key caps but you know shine through key
caps aren't that
expensive all right let's type on it and
away we
go I did 110 97 % I'm not super happy
with it it feels really good to type on
it doesn't feel good to speed type on
just cuz like how deep everything goes
I've been typing on uh like short throw
uh chicklet keyboards a lot recently on
my laptop and I've gotten used to just
like really kind of feather touching
everything and you know barely having to
press to to type fast but that's excuses
the reality is it sounded good it felt
pretty good I'm kind of into linear
again so I don't know do I take this
thing back to my desk honestly maybe I
mentioned that it's wireless earlier the
battery in here is 4,000 milliamp hours
which is not bad the only thing I worry
about personally is how long it actually
lasts with this RGB blasting at you cuz
like I said before it's actually really
bright and that's typically what's going
to kill your battery life on your
keyboard more than anything else so
maybe just be a little cognizant of that
um but otherwise I think this thing is
honestly a really solid buy for like
$110 there's a lot of keyboards around
this price and so you do have options
these days which is fantastic
um like I said at the start of this
video just a couple of years back that
really wasn't the case if you wanted to
get something that's full aluminum RGB
Wireless with a decent battery hot swap
especially something fully built with
switches and key caps you were looking
at at least $130 $150 minimum if not in
the more in the 200 range so it's
actually really good to see something
like this that's the sk75 from wiir
thanks again for sponsoring this video
what do you guys think what's your new
favorite ultimate tier budget board and
not something that's you know a little
cheap or plastic I'm talking full
aluminum full keyboard RGB hot swap
Wireless what do you got let me know in
the comments thanks for watching make
sure you like And subscribe if you like
the video and see you
later editor please stop me
waving you can just stop the video at
any time that's a really long way